Current version: 1.3

--Chrome Reading List Extension v1.3--

Fairly basic chrome extension that adds the
current tab to the reading list and provides a
notification when it's added/removed or marked as
read/unread.

To install, go to chrome://extensions and click
"Load unpacked" and select the folder where you
downloaded this project.

To use, open a new tab and press Ctrl+D or
Command+D to add the current tab to your reading
list. Press Ctrl+Shift+D or Command+Shift+D to
mark the current tab as read. For those who prfer
a visual interface, you can also click on the
extension icon and add/remove/mark as read from
there.

The extension will show a notification when the
current tab is added to your reading list or
marked as read/unread.

I had it using chrome's notifications in another
version, but removed it and implemented the popup
instead. I generally have my device in a "do not
disturb" mode, so I didn't want to be bothered by
notifications and didn't want to miss the
confirmations messages to update me on reading
list statuses.

Link icon by Freepik from Flaticon
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/open-book -
Open book icons created by SyafriStudio

--- Privacy Policy --- This extension does not
collect any personal information. It simply takes
the url from the current tab, passes it through
Google/Chrome's own reading list API (to
communicate with the actual Reading List), and
displays the results in a popup. The popup is only
used to display the status of the reading list and
provide a visual interface for those who prefer
it, and is not used for any other purpose.
